"Verily, the early bird may catcheth the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese."
"Hark! Thou canst not make everyone happy. Thou art not a jar of peanut butter."
"Methinks life is like a tavern: full of spirits, ales, and occasionally, a good bar brawl."
"Beware the man who speaketh not a word, for he likely hath too much to say."
"Tis better to have loved and lost, than to have to fetch the dragon's laundry every fortnight."
"Doth thou ever wonder if clouds look down upon us and say, 'That one resembles a turnip'?"
"In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is likely to be tripped over."
"To err is human, to arr is pirate."
"If at first thou dost not succeed, try not to look like thou art enjoying thyself."
"Age doth not always bringeth wisdom, sometimes it just bringeth dried fruit."
"A fool and his money art soon partying."
"Why doth everyone keepeth telling me to followeth my dreams? I cannot even find my keys."
"Hast thou ever noticed that 'studying' is just 'student' and 'dying' put together?"
"Thou shalt not steal; the government doth not like competition."
"Marry a woman with a sense of humor, for thou shalt needeth someone to laugh at thy funeral."
"Tis wise to remember that every great journey beginneth with a single step, usually onto a LEGO."
"An apple a day keepeth the doctor away, unless thou throweth it hard enough."
"Doth thou ever wonder if the alphabet soup maketh sentences as they boil?"
"Speak softly and carry a big stick, or shout loudly and carry a small stick; either way, thou shalt look ridiculous."
"A penny saved is a penny earned, but a penny multiplied by a thousand is a good night at the tavern."
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt, especially when thou art in debt."
"A watched pot never boil, but a watched wizard is just creepy."
"Why dost everyone feareth change? I once changed my socks and the world didst not end."
"When life giveth thee lemons, make lemonade, but addeth a little something extra to make thy enemies regret their life choices."
"To thine own self be true, unless thou art a mime; then by all means, be someone else."
"If thou canst not convince them, confuse them. It's much easier."
"Doth thou ever feel like life is just one big quest for the perfect cup of tea?"
"He who laugheth last probably didst not get the joke the first time."
"If at first thou dost not succeed, skydiving is not for thee."
"Speaketh softly and carry a big stick, or speaketh loudly and carry a small stick, for it shall still maketh thee look ridiculous."
"Thou canst lead a horse to water, but thou canst not make him appreciate the view."
"Always remember: you art unique, just like everyone else."
"Why dost thou needeth a parachute to skydive? Doth thou not also needeth one to skydive again?"
"The early bird may catcheth the worm, but the second mouse getteth the cheese and avoideth the trap."
"Art thou lost? Seeketh ye wisdom in the bottom of a tankard."
"Methinks the world wouldst be a much better place if everyone just chilled out and had a good cup of tea."
"To thine own self be true, unless thou canst be Batman. Always be Batman."
"Why doth everyone always seek the meaning of life? Canst we not just enjoy the journey?"
"The road to success is fraught with peril, obstacles, and a lot of 'Are we there yet?'"
"If thou canst not be a good example, then thou shalt just have to be a horrible warning."
"Remember, it's not the size of the wand that mattereth, it's the magic within."
"Fortune favors the bold, but remember, boldness sometimes leadeth to being chased by an angry mob."
"Life is like a box of chocolates; it maketh thee fat if thou indulgeth too much."
"A penny for thy thoughts, a shilling for thy dreams, and a pound if thou canst shut up about them."
"Hast thou ever noticed that 'studying' is just 'student' and 'dying' rearranged? Coincidence? I thinketh not."
"Why dost thou worry about what people think? They don't even know what they're thinking half the time."
"When in doubt, blame the cat. It worketh every time."
"If life giveth thee melons, thou mayest be dyslexic."
"And lo, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, for I am the evilest son-of-a-witch in the valley."